I checked there, but there is no Yang Yi.
Yang Yi will never go home with private goods
It is not easy to change the number
Because his number is his mother's birthday number.
I feel like something must have happened to Yang Yi.
Do you have the address of Yang Yi's hometown?
Yes, I'll send it to you.
So I'll send someone to Yangyi's hometown
Look down this line
Is there any more evidence of Chu Minghua?
Lin Xi
Don't be famous here at this point in time
It's dangerous to row him
Be careful he jumps over the wall
Ah, I see.
I will arrange for someone to support your hometown now
OK
Enron, how did you and Wen Hao meet?
Why do I feel like he knows me well?
Messi, wait until this is completely over
I'll tell you again.
Chu Minghua
It seems that this port also has Chu Minghua's eyeliner
We have to leave quickly
Hello husband